Support OTEL_TRACES_SAMPLER and OTEL_TRACES_SAMPLER_ARG (#1696)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation: docs/config.md

|----------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------|
| `OTEL_PROPAGATORS`   | Comma-separated list of propagators. Supported options: `tracecontext`, `baggage`, `b3multi`, `b3`. See [the OpenTelemetry specification](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/v1.14.0/specification/sdk-environment-variables.md#general-sdk-configuration) for more details. | `tracecontext,baggage` |

## Samplers

> Samplers allows to control the noise and overhead introduced by OpenTelemetry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Samplers let you control potential noise and overhead introduced by OpenTelemetry 
instrumentation by selecting which traces you want to collect and export.
```

See [the OpenTelemetry specification](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/v1.15.0/specification/sdk-environment-variables.md?plain=1#L45-L80)
for more details.

| Environment variable      | Description                                     | Default value           |
|---------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| `OTEL_TRACES_SAMPLER`     | Sampler to be used for traces \[1\]                   | `parentbased_always_on` |
| `OTEL_TRACES_SAMPLER_ARG` | String value to be used as the sampler argument \[2\] |                         |

\[1\]: Supported values are:

- `always_on`,
- `always_off`,
- `traceidratio`,
- `parentbased_always_on`,
- `parentbased_always_off`,
- `parentbased_traceidratio`,

> - `parentbased_jaeger_remote`.

Reviewer: Do we still use jaeger-related stuff?

Author: I have forgot to remove it...

Removed.

| `OTEL_PROPAGATORS`   | Comma-separated list of propagators. Supported options: `tracecontext`, `baggage`, `b3multi`, `b3`. See [the OpenTelemetry specification](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/v1.14.0/specification/sdk-environment-variables.md#general-sdk-configuration) for more details. | `tracecontext,baggage` |

## Samplers

Samplers let you control potential noise and overhead introduced
by OpenTelemetry instrumentation by selecting which traces you want
to collect and export.
See [the OpenTelemetry specification](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/v1.15.0/specification/sdk-environment-variables.md?plain=1#L45-L80)
for more details.

| Environment variable      | Description                                     | Default value           |
|---------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| `OTEL_TRACES_SAMPLER`     | Sampler to be used for traces \[1\]                   | `parentbased_always_on` |

> | `OTEL_TRACES_SAMPLER_ARG` | String value to be used as the sampler argument \[2\] |                         |

Reviewer 2: something stange happened with formatting here 😉
